This robot was so much fun.
That's all.
How many times stronger than the island country blue fat man?
How dare you scold us
So what about you?
Aren't you idiots?
You especially are an idiot
This Xiaoxue classmate is too cute
Dad, you are amazing
To be able to build such an interesting robot
You rubbish
You dare to scold me, so what?
I'm buzzing are you a pig?
What are you? You have a big head and a thick neck. You don't look like a big man.
But like a pig
Hahahahaha joking, Mr. Hu
Don't argue with him.
You can't argue with him
Impossible, he's in there for something, someone is pretending
I'll open it for him
Don't touch me!
I'll electrocute you
This robot is so powerful
Fatty Blue is like a retard compared to him
Duan Mengran, you are right
Xiaoxue not only has many functions
It can even turn into an airplane and take to the sky.
It can also be turned into a car to carry goods
Can you also go to disaster relief when disaster strikes?
Can be turned into airplanes and cars
That's Transformers.
To be precise, it is more powerful than Transformers.
How is that possible?
Why not?
Just this Ichiro than mobile phone, you can't beat Hua Guo
Not as good as a robot.
Why don't you get out of here?
That is.
Get out of here haha this little devil wants to kick out
I didn't expect to kick it on the iron plate
Get out
Get out get out get out get out get out
Get out of here
Yes, today is the launch of the gorgeous mobile phone.
It was just a little interlude
In fact, Xiaoxue still has many functions
And I'm going to go through them.
Then you can say it again
What other functions does it have?
Yes, when are you going to sell it?
I still plan to buy it
It's not time to go on sale yet
But I can tell you a little bit about it.
The function of Xiaoxue
Not only is he proficient in the pronunciation of various countries
You can even predict natural disasters like a gorgeous phone
Nonsense